hey bo is here from the pedal power talk
show we're here at the dance and
vineyards check out some wine and
chicken let's go fill the pedal power
talk show is a talk show on a bike and
you're watching it now so Daniel working
construction for years before you
started your own winery you know after
about 25 years it's time for a change
and just wanted to transition it to
something different from farming to
making the wine in the winery it's hard
work but we love to do it and the real
benefit that I have is I work with my
wife she handles the food side I handle
the wine side and it's a great
combination and it seems like there are
a bunch of wineries in this area so how
do you differentiate yours so we
basically focus on Pinot Noir and
Chardonnay we do seven different Pinot
Noir s we stay open late so we're here
for people till eight o'clock at night
and you also have chickens we have
chickens we have a dozen different
chickens we actually roll them through
the vineyard and chicken tractors
unlatch the door and just get them ready
they'll go ahead and go in there
familiar with it delete the cover crop
they'll give us some great nitrogen
fertilizer eat the bugs and basically
give us great eggs and then when it's
time to move them we just go ahead and
drag after they've been out for several
hours we'll go ahead and drag the
chicken tractor and give them a new area
to work with do you ever have chicken
escapees uh opening weekend we had a
chicken escapee and then we put another
lock on the door we had someone that
accidentally opened the door and there
were dogs out here and we had some
chickens that didn't lay eggs for a
while after that there's a tree we're in
a big piano fan at the beginning you
know zinfandel was my wine of choice
yeah Pinot Noir it grows really nicely
it's a little bit difficult to deal with
but it suits my personality really well
it needs a lot of hands-on and I'm here
to take care of that where you have for
a question from the a schematic it's our
automatic question asking do I suppose
all right
if you could own a pet with any
superpower what would you want it to
have pruners yeah a bird with pruners a
bird that doesn't eat my fruit but they
can carry a pruner in its beak and prune
for me well Dan thank you so much for
chatting you're very well great visit
and you're here thanks for coming up now
click on my head to subscribe to this
channel so you never miss an episode of
the pedal power talk show or click on
one of these other boxes around me to
watch some other episodes you may have
missed they're all good ones especially
that one right there